NAME

      gcloud compute backend-services get-health - get backend health statuses
         from a backend service

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud compute backend-services get-health NAME [--format FORMAT] [--help]
         [--project PROJECT_ID] [--quiet, -q] [--trace-token TRACE_TOKEN] [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      gcloud compute backend-services get-health is used to request the current
      health status of instances in a backend service. Every group in the
      service is checked and the health status of each configured instance is
      printed.

      If a group contains names of instances that don't exist or instances that
      haven't yet been pushed to the load-balancing system, they will not show
      up. Those that are listed as HEALTHY are able to receive load-balanced
      traffic. Those that are marked as UNHEALTHY are either failing the
      configured health-check or not responding to it.

      Since the health checks are performed continuously and in a distributed
      manner, the state returned by this command is the most recent result of a
      vote of several redundant health checks. Backend services that do not have
      a valid global forwarding rule referencing it will not be health checked
      and so will have no health status.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS

      NAME

         The name of the backend service.

FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT_ID

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      --trace-token TRACE_TOKEN

         Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
         issues.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK compute component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

