NAME

      gcloud components - list, install, update, or remove Google Cloud SDK
         components or packages

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud components GROUP | COMMAND [--format FORMAT] [--help]
         [--project PROJECT_ID] [--quiet, -q] [--trace-token TRACE_TOKEN] [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      List, install, update, or remove Google Cloud SDK components or packages.

      Because you might need only some of the tools in the Cloud SDK to do your
      work, you can control which tools are installed on your workstation. You
      can install new tools on your workstation when you find that you need
      them, and remove tools that you no longer need. The gcloud command
      regularly checks whether updates are available for the tools you already
      have installed, and gives you the opportunity to upgrade to the latest
      version.

      Tools can be installed as individual components or as preconfigured
      packages of components that are typically all used together to perform a
      particular task (such as developing a PHP application on App Engine).

      Certain components depend on other components. When you install a
      component that you need, all components upon which it directly or
      indirectly depends, and that are not already present on your workstation,
      are installed automatically. When you remove a component, all components
      that depend on the removed component are also removed.

FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT_ID

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      --trace-token TRACE_TOKEN

         Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
         issues.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

GROUPS

      GROUP is one of the following:

      repositories

         Manage additional component repositories for Trusted Tester programs.

COMMANDS

      COMMAND is one of the following:

      list

         List the status of all Cloud SDK components.

      remove

         Remove one or more installed components.

      restore

         Restore the Cloud SDK installation to its previous state.

      update

         Update or install one or more Cloud SDK components or packages.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK core component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

