NAME

      gcloud components update - update or install one or more Cloud SDK
         components or packages

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud components update [COMPONENT-IDS ...] [--format FORMAT] [--help]
         [--project PROJECT_ID] [--quiet, -q] [--trace-token TRACE_TOKEN] [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      Ensure that the latest version of each specified component, and the latest
      version of all components upon which the specified components directly or
      indirectly depend, is installed on the local workstation. If the command
      includes one or more names of components or packages, the specified
      components are the named components and the components contained in the
      named packages; if the command does not name any components or packages,
      the specified components are all installed components.

      The items may be individual components or preconfigured packages. If a
      downloaded component was not previously installed, the downloaded version
      is installed. If an earlier version of the component was previously
      installed, that version is replaced by the downloaded version.

      If, for example, the component UNICORN-FACTORY depends on the component
      HORN-FACTORY, installing the latest version of UNICORN-FACTORY will cause
      the version of HORN-FACTORY upon which it depends to be installed as well,
      if it is not already installed. The command lists all components it is
      about to install, and asks for confirmation before proceeding.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS

      [COMPONENT-IDS ...]

         The IDs of the components to be updated or installed.

FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT_ID

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      --trace-token TRACE_TOKEN

         Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
         issues.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

EXAMPLES

      The following command ensures that the latest version is installed for
      COMPONENT-1, COMPONENT-2, and all components that depend, directly or
      indirectly, on either COMPONENT-1 or COMPONENT-2:

        $ gcloud components update COMPONENT-1 COMPONENT-2

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK core component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

