NAME

      gcloud config set - edit Google Cloud SDK properties

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud config set SECTION/PROPERTY VALUE [--format FORMAT] [--help]
         [--project PROJECT_ID] [--quiet, -q] [--scope SCOPE]
         [--trace-token TRACE_TOKEN] [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      Set the value for an option, so that Cloud SDK tools can use them as
      configuration.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS

      SECTION/PROPERTY

         The property to be set. Note that SECTION/ is optional while referring
         to properties in the core section.

      VALUE

         The value to be set.

FLAGS

      --scope SCOPE

         The scope flag determines which configuration file is modified by this
         operation. The files are read (and take precedence) in the following
         order:

         workspace

            The workspace based configuration file is based on your current
            working directory. You can set project specific configuration here
            that will only take effect when working within that project's
            directory. You cannot set this value if you are not currently within
            a gcloud workspace. This will override all values from any other
            configuration files.

         user

            The user based configuration file applies only to the current user
            of the system. It will override any values from the installation
            configuration.

         installation

            The installation based configuration file applies to all users on
            the system that use this version of the Cloud SDK. If the SDK was
            installed by an administrator, you will need administrator rights to
            make changes to this file.

GLOBAL FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT_ID

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      --trace-token TRACE_TOKEN

         Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
         issues.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

EXAMPLES

      To set the project property in the core section, run:

        $ gcloud config set project myProject

      To set the zone property in the compute section, run:

        $ gcloud config set compute/zone zone3

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK core component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

