NAME

      gcloud compute disks create - create Google Compute Engine persistent
         disks

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud compute disks create NAME [NAME ...] [--description DESCRIPTION]
         [--format FORMAT] [--help] [--image IMAGE |
          --source-snapshot SOURCE_SNAPSHOT] [--image-project IMAGE_PROJECT]
         [--project PROJECT_ID] [--quiet, -q] [--size SIZE]
         [--trace-token TRACE_TOKEN] [--type TYPE] [--zone ZONE] [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      gcloud compute disks create creates one or more Google Compute Engine
      persistent disks. When creating virtual machine instances, disks can be
      attached to the instances through the 'gcloud compute instances create'
      command. Disks can also be attached to instances that are already running
      using 'gloud compute instances attach-disk'.

      Disks are zonal resources, so they reside in a particular zone for their
      entire lifetime. The contents of a disk can be moved to a different zone
      by snapshotting the disk (using 'gcloud compute disks snapshot') and
      creating a new disk using --source-snapshot in the desired zone. The
      contents of a disk can also be moved across project or zone by creating an
      image (using 'gcloud compute images create') and creating a new disk using
      --image in the desired project and/or zone.

      When creating disks, be sure to include the --zone option:

        $ gcloud compute disks create my-disk-1 my-disk-2 --zone us-east1-a

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS

      NAME [NAME ...]

         The names of the disks to create.

FLAGS

      --description DESCRIPTION

         An optional, textual description for the disks being created.

      --image IMAGE

         An image to apply to the disks being created. When using this option,
         the size of the disks must be at least as large as the image size. Use
         --size to adjust the size of the disks.

         The value for this option can be the name of an image or an alias from
         the table below.

           Alias               Project             Image Name
           centos-6            centos-cloud        centos-6
           centos-7            centos-cloud        centos-7
           container-vm        google-containers   container-vm
           coreos              coreos-cloud        coreos-stable
           debian-7            debian-cloud        debian-7-wheezy
           debian-7-backports  debian-cloud        backports-debian-7-wheezy
           opensuse-13         opensuse-cloud      opensuse-13
           rhel-6              rhel-cloud          rhel-6
           rhel-7              rhel-cloud          rhel-7
           sles-11             suse-cloud          sles-11
           sles-12             suse-cloud          sles-12
           ubuntu-12-04        ubuntu-os-cloud     ubuntu-1204-precise
           ubuntu-14-04        ubuntu-os-cloud     ubuntu-1404-trusty
           ubuntu-14-10        ubuntu-os-cloud     ubuntu-1410-utopic
           windows-2008-r2     windows-cloud       windows-server-2008-r2

         When the value is an alias, this tool will query the public image
         project that contains the image type to find the latest image matching
         the alias. The user's project is also queried for an image with the
         same name as the alias. If a conflict exists, the user will be prompted
         to resolve the conflict.

         To specify an image in another project for which there is no alias, use
         --image-project. When --image-project is present, no API calls are made
         to resolve the image. This property is useful for scripts.

         This flag is mutually exclusive with --source-snapshot.

      --image-project IMAGE_PROJECT

         The project against which all image references will be resolved. See
         --image for more details.

      --size SIZE

         Indicates the size of the disks. The value must be a whole number
         followed by a size unit of KB for kilobyte, MB for megabyte, GB for
         gigabyte, or TB for terabyte. For example, 10GB will produce 10
         gigabyte disks. If omitted, a default size of 500 GB is used for
         standard disks and 200GB for SSD disks. The minimum size a disk can
         have is 1 GB. Disk size must be a multiple of 10 GB.

      --source-snapshot SOURCE_SNAPSHOT

         A source snapshot used to create the disks. It is safe to delete a
         snapshot after a disk has been created from the snapshot. In such
         cases, the disks will no longer reference the deleted snapshot. To get
         a list of snapshots in your current project, run gcloud compute
         snapshots list. A snapshot from an existing disk can be created using
         the 'gcloud compute disks snapshot' command. This flag is mutually
         exclusive with --image.

         When using this option, the size of the disks must be at least as large
         as the snapshot size. Use --size to adjust the size of the disks.

      --type TYPE

         Specifies the type of disk to create. To get a list of available disk
         types, run 'gcloud compute disk-types list'. The default disk type is
         pd-standard.

      --zone ZONE

         The zone of the disks to create. If not specified, you will be prompted
         to select a zone.

         To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
         compute/zone property:

           $ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE

         A list of zones can fetched by running:

           $ gcloud compute zones list

         To unset the property, run:

           $ gcloud config unset compute/zone

         Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
         CLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE.

GLOBAL FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT_ID

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      --trace-token TRACE_TOKEN

         Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
         issues.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK compute component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

