NAME

      gcloud compute url-maps remove-host-rule - remove a host rule from a URL
         map

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud compute url-maps remove-host-rule NAME
         [--delete-orphaned-path-matcher] [--format FORMAT] [--help] --host HOST
         [--project PROJECT_ID] [--quiet, -q] [--trace-token TRACE_TOKEN] [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      gcloud compute url-maps remove-host-rule is used to remove a host rule
      from a URL map. When

       a host rule is removed, its path matcher is only removed if
       it is not referenced by any other host rules and
       --delete-orphaned-path-matcher is provided.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS

      NAME

         The name of the URL map.

FLAGS

      --delete-orphaned-path-matcher

         If provided and a path matcher is orphaned as a result of this command,
         the command removes the orphaned path matcher instead of failing.

      --host HOST

         One of the hosts in the host rule to remove.

GLOBAL FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT_ID

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      --trace-token TRACE_TOKEN

         Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
         issues.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

EXAMPLES

      To remove a host rule that contains the host google.com from the URL map
      named MY-URL-MAP, you can use this command:

        $ gcloud compute url-maps remove-host-rule MY-URL-MAP --host google.com

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK compute component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

