NAME

      gcloud sql instances - provide commands for managing Cloud SQL instances

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud sql instances COMMAND [--format FORMAT] [--help]
         [--project PROJECT_ID] [--quiet, -q] [--trace-token TRACE_TOKEN] [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      Provide commands for managing Cloud SQL instances including creating,
      configuring, restarting, and deleting instances.

FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT_ID

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      --trace-token TRACE_TOKEN

         Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
         issues.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

COMMANDS

      COMMAND is one of the following:

      clone

         Clones a Cloud SQL instance.

      create

         Creates a new Cloud SQL instance.

      delete

         Deletes a Cloud SQL instance.

      describe

         Retrieves information about a Cloud SQL instance.

      export

         Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance.

      import

         Imports data into a Cloud SQL instance from Google Cloud Storage.

      list

         Lists Cloud SQL instances in a given project.

      patch

         Updates the settings of a Cloud SQL instance.

      promote-replica

         Promotes Cloud SQL read replica to a stand-alone instance.

      reset-ssl-config

         Deletes all client certificates and generates a new server certificate.

      restart

         Restarts a Cloud SQL instance.

      restore-backup

         Restores a backup of a Cloud SQL instance.

      set-root-password

         Sets the password of the MySQL root user.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK sql component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

