NAME

      gcloud compute - read and manipulate Google Compute Engine resources

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud compute GROUP | COMMAND [--format FORMAT] [--help]
         [--project PROJECT_ID] [--quiet, -q] [--trace-token TRACE_TOKEN] [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine resources.

FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT_ID

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      --trace-token TRACE_TOKEN

         Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
         issues.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

GROUPS

      GROUP is one of the following:

      addresses

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine addresses.

      backend-services

         List, create, and delete backend services.

      disk-types

         Read Google Compute Engine virtual disk types.

      disks

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine disks.

      firewall-rules

         List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine firewall rules.

      forwarding-rules

         Read and manipulate forwarding rules to send traffic to load balancers.

      http-health-checks

         Read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced instances.

      images

         List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine images.

      instance-groups

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instance groups.

      instance-templates

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instance templates.

      instances

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

      machine-types

         Read Google Compute Engine virtual machine types.

      networks

         List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine networks.

      operations

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine operations.

      project-info

         Read and manipulate project-level data like quotas and metadata.

      regions

         List Google Compute Engine regions.

      routes

         Read and manipulate routes.

      snapshots

         List, describe, and delete Google Compute Engine snapshots.

      target-http-proxies

         List, create, and delete target HTTP proxies.

      target-instances

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual target instances.

      target-pools

         Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine target pools.

      url-maps

         List, create, and delete URL maps.

      zones

         List Google Compute Engine zones.

COMMANDS

      COMMAND is one of the following:

      config-ssh

         Populate SSH config files with Host entries from each instance.

      copy-files

         Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

      ssh

         SSH into a virtual machine instance.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK compute component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

