NAME

      gcloud compute instances - read and manipulate Google Compute Engine
         virtual machine instances

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud compute instances COMMAND [--format FORMAT] [--help]
         [--project PROJECT_ID] [--quiet, -q] [--trace-token TRACE_TOKEN] [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT_ID

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      --trace-token TRACE_TOKEN

         Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
         issues.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

COMMANDS

      COMMAND is one of the following:

      add-access-config

         Add access configs to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

      add-metadata

         Add or update instance metadata.

      add-tags

         Add tags to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

      attach-disk

         Attaches a disk to an instance.

      create

         Create Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

      delete

         Delete Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

      delete-access-config

         Delete access configs from Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

      describe

         Describe a virtual machine instance.

      detach-disk

         Detach disks from Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

      get-serial-port-output

         Read output from a virtual machine instance's serial port.

      list

         List Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

      remove-metadata

         Remove instance metadata.

      remove-tags

         Remove tags from Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

      reset

         Reset a virtual machine instance.

      set-disk-auto-delete

         Set auto-delete behavior for disks.

      set-scheduling

         Set scheduling options for Google Compute Engine virtual machine
         instances.

      start

         Start a virtual machine instance.

      stop

         Stop a virtual machine instance.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK compute component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

