NAME

      gcloud compute images deprecate - manage deprecation status of Google
         Compute Engine images

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud compute images deprecate NAME [--delete-in DELETE_IN |
          --delete-on DELETE_ON] [--format FORMAT] [--help]
         [--obsolete-in OBSOLETE_IN | --obsolete-on OBSOLETE_ON]
         [--project PROJECT_ID] [--quiet, -q] [--replacement REPLACEMENT]
         --state STATE [--trace-token TRACE_TOKEN] [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      gcloud compute images deprecate is used to deprecate images.

POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS

      NAME

         The name of the image to set deprecation status of.

FLAGS

      --delete-in DELETE_IN

         Specifies the amount of time until the image's status should be set to
         DELETED. For instance, specifying 30d will set the status to DELETED in
         30 days from the current system time. Valid units for this flag are s
         for seconds, m for minutes, h for hours and d for days. If no unit is
         specified, seconds is assumed.

         Note that the image will not be deleted automatically. The image will
         only be marked as deleted. An explicit request to delete the image must
         be made in order to remove it from the image list. This flag is
         mutually exclusive with --delete-on.

      --delete-on DELETE_ON

         Similar to --delete-in, but specifies an absolute time when the status
         should be set to DELETED. The date and time specified must be a valid
         RFC 3339 full-date or date-time. For times in UTC, this looks like
         YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ. For example: 2020-01-02T00:00:00Z for midnight on
         January 2, 2020 in UTC. This flag is mutually exclusive with
         --delete-in.

      --obsolete-in OBSOLETE_IN

         Specifies time (in the same format as --delete-in) until this image's
         status should become OBSOLETE. Obsolete images will cause an error
         whenever an attempt is made to apply the image to a new disk. This flag
         is mutually exclusive with --obsolete-on.

      --obsolete-on OBSOLETE_ON

         Specifies time (in the same format as --delete-on) when this image's
         status should become OBSOLETE. This flag is mutually exclusive with
         --obsolete-in.

      --replacement REPLACEMENT

         Specifies a Compute Engine image as a replacement for the image being
         phased out. Users of the deprecated image will be advised to switch to
         this replacement. For example, --replacement example-image or
         --replacement projects/google/global/images/example-image. This flag is
         required when setting the image state to anything other than ACTIVE or
         when --delete-in, --delete-on, --obsolete-in, or --obsolete-on is
         provided.

      --state STATE

         The deprecation state to set on the image. An image's default state is
         ACTIVE, suggesting that the image is currently supported. Operations
         which create a new resource using a DEPRECATED image return
         successfully, but with a warning indicating that the image is
         deprecated and recommending its replacement. New uses of OBSOLETE or
         DELETED images result in an error. Note that setting the deprecation
         state to DELETED will not automatically delete the image. You must
         still make a request to delete the image to remove it from the image
         list.

GLOBAL FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT_ID

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      --trace-token TRACE_TOKEN

         Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
         issues.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

EXAMPLES

      To deprecate an image called 'IMAGE' immediately, mark it as obsolete in
      one day, and mark it as deleted in two days, use:

        $ gcloud compute images deprecate IMAGE --status DEPRECATED \
            --obsolete-in 1d --delete-in 2d

      To un-deprecate an image called 'IMAGE', use:

        $ gcloud compute images deprecate IMAGE --status ACTIVE

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK compute component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

