NAME

      gcloud components repositories - manage additional component repositories
         for Trusted Tester programs

SYNOPSIS

      gcloud components repositories COMMAND [--format FORMAT] [--help]
         [--project PROJECT_ID] [--quiet, -q] [--trace-token TRACE_TOKEN] [-h]

DESCRIPTION

      List, add, and remove component repositories for Trusted Tester programs.
      If you are not participating in a Trusted Tester program, these commands
      are not necessary for updating your Cloud SDK installation.

      If you are participating in a Trusted Tester program, you will be
      instructed on the location of repositories that you should add. These
      commands allow you to manage the set of repositories you have registered.

      Once you have a repository registered, the component manager will use that
      location to locate new Cloud SDK components that are available, or
      possibly different versions of existing components that can be installed.

      If you want to revert to a standard version of the Cloud SDK at any time,
      you may remove all repositories and then run:

        $ gcloud components update

      to revert to a standard installation.

FLAGS

      --format FORMAT

         Specify a format for printed output. By default, a command-specific
         human-friendly output format is used. Setting this flag to one of the
         available options will serialize the result of the command in the
         chosen format and print it to stdout. Supported formats are: json,
         text, yaml.

      --help

         Display detailed help.

      --project PROJECT_ID

         The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If
         omitted then the current project is assumed.

      --quiet, -q

         Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input
         is required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised.

      --trace-token TRACE_TOKEN

         Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of
         issues.

      -h

         Print a summary help and exit.

COMMANDS

      COMMAND is one of the following:

      add

         Add a new Trusted Tester component repository.

      list

         List any Trusted Tester component repositories you have registered.

      remove

         Remove a registered Trusted Test component repository.

NOTES

      This command is in the Google Cloud SDK core component. See installing
      components if it is not installed.

